-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# PiCkeR - Toolkit for Conference Program Chairs

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Table of Contents**

- [Description](#description)
- [How it works](#how-it-works)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Input Files](#input-files)
- [Build and Run](#build-and-run)
- [License](#license)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Contacts](#contacts)

## Description
This repository contains PiCkeR, a tool for conference program chairs to assign reviewers to papers. PiCkeR was initially developed for and used in MICRO 2022 conference. 
Currently, it does not come with documentation, and you may check the existing comments or directly read the code. We may add more docs and examples in the future.

## How it works
This tool sorts reviewers based on their expertise levels for each paper. The paper and PC information must be collected from HoTCRP and fed to the tool. In addition, it requires the list of topics that are defined in HoTCRP.
  

**Note 1:** PiCkeR has been created to be compatible with the HotCRP v3.0b3 and may not be compatible with the future version of HotCRP as HotCRP is being updated regularly.  
**Note 2:** PiCkeR uses email addresses registered with HotCRP to identify each reviewer uniquely.  
**Note 3:** With the current version, papers are assumed to have up to three topics.  
**Note 4:** Each reviewer has an expertise value from -2 (Low) to +2 (High). PiCkeR only considers values +1 and +2 in sorting reviewers.  

## Prerequisites
* pip
* Authlib==1.0.1
* certifi==2021.10.8
* cffi==1.15.0
* charset-normalizer==2.0.12
* click==8.1.3
* cryptography==37.0.1
* Flask==2.1.2
* Flask-Cors==3.0.10
* gunicorn==20.1.0
* idna==3.3
* itsdangerous==2.1.2
* Jinja2==3.1.2
* MarkupSafe==2.1.1
* numpy==1.22.3
* pandas==1.4.2
* pycparser==2.21
* python-dateutil==2.8.2
* python-dotenv==0.20.0
* pytz==2022.1
* requests==2.27.1
* six==1.16.0
* urllib3==1.26.9
* Werkzeug==2.1.2

## Input Files
To run, the following files are required:
* data.json, generated by HotCRP
* pcinfo.csv, generated by HotCRP
* topics.txt, manually generated, contains list of topics  

You must put these files under ```PiCkeR/static/input/``` directory.  
**Note:** You can use samples files (can be found under ```PiCkeR/static/Samples/``` directory) to test PiCkeR.  

## Build and Run
1. Clone the Github repository
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/mrkatebzadeh/PiCkeR.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run PiCkeR:
   ```sh
   sh ./run.sh
   ```
4. Open <http://127.0.0.1:5000> on the browser.

## License

PiCkeR is licensed under GNU General Public License v2.0. 
Feel free to modify, use, and distribute it. 

## Contribution
PiCkeR may not suit your needs and may contain bugs and imperfections.
Therefore, we encourage users to add more features to it.
Please open a pull request if you want to add new features to PiCkeR or fix a little bug.

## Contacts

If you have any questions, please raise issues on Github or contact the authors below.

[M.R. Siavash Katebzadeh](http://mr.katebzadeh.xyz) (m.r.katebzadeh@ed.ac.uk)
<!-- markdown-toc end -->
